hey guys so I finally figured out my
three beat we've I'm actually a cool kid
now so I want to teach you guys how to
do it too
for those people who struggled with it
as much as I did because I've been
hoping for like three years now and I'm
finally just figuring this out
excuse my language but basically wanna
help you guys figure it out so because
across my right hand over first and then
my left hand over and then I would carry
my hoop over like this and then I would
just do that again but so basically I
would do this I'm going to get stuck
here and not know what to do with my
right hand because no one really
explains that they say that you're gonna
cross this hand here is this hand here
your right arm is going to be over your
left and then left starts to be over
right it was just really confusing for
me so the way that I'm going to explain
it it's not like that I'm going to
explain it by slowing it down and
showing how I figured it out so I cross
my right hand over and then my left hand
over and then I let it spit on my left
thumb like so and then I'm as expending
of my thumb I'm going to cross this hand
over and turn it and bring it out and
back over and then I'm gonna let it spin
on this thumb and then as it's do not
turn this hand and bring it over and
cross this and
and a long time thanks
and then as you slowly figure out you're
crossing your arms and you're carrying
like so as you do it slowly
you'll eventually get into speeding it
up Wow
feel through new you'll eventually get
into speeding it up so I start off slow
and figuring out how to spin my hands
and when to carry my groups over so
spinning slow Gary and crossing spinning
yeah yeah that's fine I'm actually doing
a tutorial as we speak kind of buddy
that you came in yeah